This samurai
This kid who practices qi can't win again, right?
How is that possible?
This kid of Wen's just now is so angry
This samurai will not tolerate him to cheat
The Holy Son is Kindanji, and he holds an artifact in his hand
Deal with a kid who practices qi
One move is enough
Li Yang will despise it for a while. After the official start
You throw in the towel.
Stay in the green mountain, not afraid of others, Lei Shao admits defeat
I don't recognize my righteousness
As long as you step on this stage
Must make you blood shameless
What are you afraid of?
Afraid of the deity never afraid
But I won one
Wen Shi can actually be so arrogant
You ignorant general
Actually acting rashly against the saint
The toad wants to eat swan meat
I already said
I have no interest in your saint
Even if he has the appearance of falling in love with the country
I wouldn't give him a second look
How dare you speak to our saint
Kill him, you dog
But you insult the saint
It also makes your life worse than death
It's not impossible for me to accept your saint
But in this Venerable
He can only be a maid
Life and death today will surely make you die without a burial